c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\DetailsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.next.rest.png
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.share.rest.png
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.sync.rest.png
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\DataBoundApp3.dll
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\DataBoundApp3.pdb
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\DataBoundApp3.g.resources
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\DataBoundApp3.dll
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\DataBoundApp3.pdb
c:\users\n61j\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.feature.email.rest.png
C:\Users\N61j\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\icons\appbar.questionmark.rest.png
C:\Users\N61j\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\VacationER.xap
C:\Users\N61j\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\obj\Debug\VacationER.g.i.cs
C:\Users\N61j\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\N61j\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapPhone\DataBoundApp3\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
